docs/backend-system: add extension point example to plugin building docs (#16680)
backstage/backstage: docs/backend-system/building-plugins-and-modules/01-index.md

example in the way that the catalog backend lets catalog modules inject
additional entity providers, you can use the extension points mechanism. This is
described in detail with code examples in [the extension points architecture
article](../architecture/05-extension-points.md), while the following is a more
slim example of how to implement an extension point for a plugin:

```ts
import { createExtensionPoint } from '@backstage/backend-plugin-api';

// This is the extension point interface, which is how modules interact with your plugin.
export interface ExamplesExtensionPoint {
  addExample(example: Example): void;
}

// This is the extension point reference that encapsulates the above interface.
export const examplesExtensionPoint =
  createExtensionPoint<ExamplesExtensionPoint>({
    id: 'example.examples',
  });

// This is the implementation of the extension point, which is internal to your plugin.
class ExamplesExtension implements ExamplesExtensionPoint {
  #examples: Example[] = [];

>   addActions(example: Examples): void {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  addExample(example: Examples): void {
```

Reviewer 2: perhaps `example: Example` instead of `example: Examples`

    this.#examples.push(example);
  }

  // Note that this method is internal to this implementation
  getRegisteredExamples() {
    return this.#examples;
  }
}

// The following shows how your plugin would register the extension point
// and use the features that other modules have registered.
export const examplePlugin = createBackendPlugin({
  pluginId: 'example',
  register(env) {
    const examplesExtensions = new ExamplesExtension();
    env.registerExtensionPoint(examplesExtensionPoint, examplesExtensions);

    env.registerInit({
      deps: { logger: coreServices.logger },
      async init({ logger }) {

>         // We can access `actionsExtension` directly, giving us access to the internal interface.
>         const examples = actionsExtension.getRegisteredActions();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // We can access `examplesExtension` directly, giving us access to the internal interface.
        const examples = examplesExtension.getRegisteredExamples();
```
